Formulate success through failure!!

DONT CELEBRATE TOO EARLY

“The greatest danger occurs at the moment of victory.” - Napoléon Bonaparte

"Consistency is more important than intensity." - Christopher sommer


“Excellence is never an accident. It is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, and intelligent execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives - choice, not chance, determines your destiny.”


― Aristotle

"Be happy with the cards that your are dealt..."

"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant."

"real growth happens knee deep in manure" - Pepe Marais

"No man has the right to be an amateur in the matter of physical training. It is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable." - Socrates﻿

Conceive, Believe, Achieve! - Napoleon Hill

“You’re more likely to act yourself into feeling, than feeling yourself into action.” — Jerome Bruner, Harvard psychologist

I WILL, I WONT, I WANT

"Adversity introduces a man to himself" - Albert Einstein supposedly

"Failure feels better than regret." - 

Zachary Laid Finding Freedom18 hours ago


"When you become conscious, You become a creator" - 

Quazi Johir


"Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us." - Marianne Williamson

“The mind is good for so many things but it’s a bad office” - 

"The framework of discipline is the truth..." - Jocko Willink

"Discipline = Freedom" - Jocko Willink 

“You’re more likely to act yourself into feeling than feeling yourself into action.”―Dr. Jerome Bruner, Harvard psychologist

“Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards” ~ Soren Kierkegaard

"The greatest blessings of mankind are within us, and within our reach" - Seneca

"If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced." - Vincent Van Gogh 

"The only thing you can control is your motherfucking effort...." - Mark Cuban

"Get physical, then get spiritual..." - Ralph smart


"Stop appologizing for your greatness" - Ralph smart

"You cannot wake a person pretending to be asleep..." - Native american proverb

“You cannot hold something down that was designed to rise.” - Ralph Smart

"As long as you follow the herd, you will be lead to the slaughterhouse." - Ralph Smart

"Instead of watching the external news, tune into the internal news." - Ralph Smart

"I have no obligation to my former self" - Ralph Smart, Check 

"Being free is your birthright!" - Ralph Smart

"Love yourself enough to let go of anything that does not serve you..." - Ralph Smart

"Happiness is dependant on the quality of your thoughts" - Ralph Smart

"To play a wrong note is insignificant; to play without passion is inexcusable." -Ludwig van Beethoven

"Is a world without pain possible? Then don't ask the impossible." -Marcus Aurelius


Ryan Holiday | The Obstacle Is The Way


“Wherever you are, make sure you’re there.” — Dan Sullivan

“When a flower doesn't bloom, you fix the environment in which it grows, not the flower.” “When a flower doesn't bloom, you fix the environment in which it grows, not the flower.” - Alexander Den Heijer

"Never underestimate the importance of finding a place where you can show up as you are, where your whole self is welcome, not just a part of yourself" - Alexander Den Heijer

“We don’t rise to the level of our expectations, we fall to the level of our training.” – Archilochus

"Your peace of mind, is the highest form of wealth..." - Ralph Smart

“But it turns out that the technologies that we believe are our greatest strengths are also our most tenacious crutches. The things we have made to keep us comfortable are making us weak.” - Wim Hof

"21 days to build a long-term memory"

"63 days to form a habit " - Dr. Caroline Leaf (6+3) = 9

"Research has shown that 95% of our worries do not materialise anyway" - 

"It’s easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled." - Mark Twain

"everything in the universe is within you. ask all from yourself." - RUMI

“Another world is not only possible but is on its way. On a quiet morning, I can hear her breathing.” — Arundhati Roy

"“Nobody is me and that is my power” - Ralph Smart

“Courage is knowing WHAT not to fear”. - Plato

"The secret of being happy is accepting where you are in life and making the most out of everyday"

“Everyone participates but nobody believes; in order to find your way, you must first get lost.” — Charles Eisenstein (author)

“The most successful lives are those that have the most worthwhile experiences.” — Sterling Sill

"Hesitation is defeat"
-Isshin Ashina


"THE MIND KNOWS NO ANSWERS. THE HEART KNOWS NO QUESTIONS." - BUDDHA


"Be accountable for who you are NOT, and who you WANT to be" - David Goggins

“Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.” ― Rumi

"An optimist believes we live in the best possible of worlds. A pessimist fears that this is true". – James Branch Cabell

"When you move in higher conciousness the whole universe works in your favour" - Ralph Smart

"I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become" - Carl Jung

"Life is short, its ending one minute at a time..." - 
Einzelgänger
	
	"Believe in your dreams, they were given to you for a reason...." - Katrina Mayer
	
	"Stop waiting for your dreams to happen, wake up early to make them happen." - 
	
	"The greatest gift you have to give is that of your own self-transformation" - Lao Tzu
	
	"If you are depressed,
	you are living in the past.
	If you are anxious,
	you are living in the future.
	If you are at peace,
	you are living in the present." - Lao Tzu
	
	"To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders"
	- Lao Tzu
	
	"Remembering you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose" - Steve Jobs

"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be." – Lao Tzu

"Everyone you know now, oneday wont be known by anyone" - 

"You wont find something externally, that resides in yourself INTERNALLY" - ME

"Constant effort and frequent mistakes are the stepping stones to genius " -Elbert Hubbard

"Everything in this matrix is designed to keep you outside yourself" - Ralph smart https://youtu.be/gSfOWnu8KKs?t=228




"Love is never wasted for its value does not rest upon reciprocity" - C.S. Lewis


"Discipline weighs an ounce, regret weighs a ton..."



"Music is emotion in motion" - m
"In an hour of Darkness a blind man is the best guide. In an age of Insanity look to the madman to show the way."

"The past is a place of reference not a place of residence"


"The effort is the reward..." - Dr Andrew Huberman

"Don't spike dopamine prior to the effort. Don't spike dopamine after the effort. Learn to spike dopamine from the effort itself." - Dr Andrew Huberman

“I'll tell you a secret. Something they don't teach you in your temple. The Gods envy us. They envy us because we're mortal, because any moment might be our last. Everything is more beautiful because we're doomed. You will never be lovelier than you are now. We will never be here again.” - Achilles


"Music is a piece of time you get to decorate..." - Frank Zappa


"Without fear, there is no bravery" - Dustin Poirier


 "By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest."
- 𝗖𝗼𝗻𝗳𝘂𝗰𝗶𝘂𝘀

"We hate ourselves for everything that we aren't instead of loving ourselves for everything that we are..." - Ralph Smart


"To be succcessful at anything , you must simply be what most people are not... Consistent"


"Nature loves courage. You make the commitment and nature will respond to that commitment by removing impossible obstacles. Dream the impossible dream and the world will not grind you under, it will lift you up. This is the trick.⁣

-Terrence McKenna"

"A focused ordinary man is more powerful than a distracted genius"


"One day you will wake up and there wont be anymore time to do the things you have always wanted to do, do it now!" - Paulo Coelho


"What is to give light must endure burning" -- Viktor Frankl


"Celebrate yourself every day!" - Reem, White feather Tarot

"and sometimes even our life's biggest problems
are just our prayers being answered" - Viktor Oddo

"Make up your mind to act decidedly and take the consequences. No good is ever done in this world by hesitation."

~ Thomas Huxley, 1825-1895 ~

"Exercise is King.

Nutrition is Queen.

Put them together and you have a kingdom."

- Jack Lalanne (RIP)

"The Heart was made to be broken..."

"To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking."

" Life is too important to be taken seriously "


"Instruct those who are rich in this present world not to be conceited or to fix their hope on the uncertainty of riches, but on God, who richly supplies us with all things to enjoy." – 1 Timothy 6:17-19


"We are only bound by our imagination and ambition"


"Half of life is lost in charming others. The other half is lost in going through anxieties caused by others. Leave this play, you have played enough" - Rumi


“He who takes offense when offense was not intended is a fool, yet he who takes offense when offense is intended is an even greater fool for he has succumbed to the will of his adversary.” 
-Brigham Young

"Love the hand that fate deals you and play it as your own..." - Marcus Aurelius 

“The Tao doesn’t take sides; it gives birth to both yin and yang. All is welcome, both light and dark.” — Lao Tzu

"The meaning of Life
Is to give Life meaning"

 "Lovely days don't Come to you,
You should walk to them..."
~Rumi

"Storms make trees take deeper Roots..." - Dolly Parton

"Yesterday is heavy.... Put it down"

"A goal is a dream with a deadline..." - Life Math Money

"Tradition is not the worship of ashes, but the preservation of Fire"


“Calmly spinning, I scan as far away as I can see. The last rays of the day’s sun warm my back and my stare locks onto my own shadow. I follow the lines of my body on the stone in front of me, spreading my arms as wings, and bathe in the beauty of existence.”

— Dean Potter

"Sight Is only darkness that succumbs to the light..." - my dream at ouma bella 4:44

"The society that seperates its scholars from its warriors will have its thinking done by cowards and its fighting by fools"- Thucydides

“Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.” ―Epictetus

"We are like islands in the sea, separate on the surface but connected in the deep" - William James (American philosopher, historian, and psychologist)

"Nothing is so fatiguing as the as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task" - William James

"We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that death will tremble to take us" - Charles Bukowski

"People run from rain but sit in bathtubs full of water" - Charles Bukowski

"Action is the only truth" - Marcus Aurelius 
"God is a comedian playing to an audience that is too afraid to laugh..." - Voltaire

"Live life as if everything is rigged in your favour" - Rumi
"What hurts you blesses you, Darkness is your candle" - Rumi
"The Lion is most handsome when looking for food" - Rumi
"Beauty surrounds us" - Rumi
"Love is the bridge between you and everything" - Rumi
"Seeking is the reward..." - Andrew Huberman

"Because one believes in oneself, one doesn't try to convince others. Because one is content with oneself, one doesn't need others approval. Because one accepts oneself, the whole world accepts him or her." - Lao Tzu




"We have two lives, and the second begins when we realize we only have one." - Confucius 

“The first gulp from the glass of natural sciences will turn you into an atheist, but at the bottom of the glass God is waiting for you.”

―Werner Heisenberg

"Your past does'nt need you, your future does"

"Every tomorrow is determined by every today!"
~Yogananda

"The most important decision you will ever make is to be in a good mood " - Voltaire
“There is nothing more to controlling demons than to do good and fear nothing.”
~ Éliphas Lévi

“We are each a savior, each a god.
It is the fear of what this means which binds us to the realm of humankind.”
- Unknown

"You are the sum of your choices" - Albert Camus

"Once you've accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you..." - Peter Dinklage


"Squaring the circle was a problem that greatly exercised medieval minds. It is a symbol of the opus alchymicum, since it breaks down the original chaotic unity into the four elements and then combines them again in a higher unity. Unity is represented by a circle and the four elements by a square. The production of one from four is the result of a process of distillation and sublimation which takes the so-called “circular” form: the distillate is subjected to sundry distillations so that the “soul” or “spirit” shall be extracted in its purest state. The product is generally called the “quintessence,” though this is by no means the only name for the ever-hoped-for and never-to-be-discovered “One.” It has, as the alchemists say, a “thousand names,” like the prima materia." — Carl Jung


"Geometry is knowledge of the eternally existent." ~ Pythagoras


"Named must be your fear before banish it you can." - Yoda


“Man lives on earth not once, but three times: the first stage of his life is continual sleep; the second, sleeping and waking by turns; the third, waking forever.” - Ken Wilber, from Integral Psychology


"We know they are lying.
They know they are lying.
They know that we know they are lying.
We know that they know we know they are lying.

And still they continue to lie.

— Alexander Solzhenitsyn"

“There is one masterpiece, the hexagonal cell, that touches perfection. No living creature, not even human, has achieved, in the centre of one's sphere, what the bee has achieved on her own: and if intelligence from another world were to descend and ask of the earth the most perfect creation, I would offer the humble comb of honey.” ~ Maurice Maeterlinck, The Life Of The Bee, 1924

“No matter how hard Evil tries, it can never quite match up to the power of Good, because Evil is ultimately self-destructive. Evil may set out to corrupt others, but in the process corrupts itself” - John Cannolly

"Sound is the medicine of the future." – Edgar Cayce

“Philosophy reveals to man his kinship with the All/God. It shows him that he is a brother to the suns which dot the firmament; it lifts him from a taxpayer on a whirling atom to a citizen of the Cosmos. It teaches him that while physically bound to earth, there is nevertheless within him a spiritual power, a diviner Self, through which he is one with the symphony of the whole.”

— Manly P. Hall

"Do the thing you love to do and the universe will take care of you, it's very simple but it's very true and it works for everyone even you" - Ralph Smart


"The Tao does not take sides; it gives rise to both yin and yang. All is welcome, light and dark." ~ Lao Tse


"Don't connect your opinions to your identity" - Adam grant
"Traditions are answers that have been discovered to enduring questions." - Sir Roger Scruton
"Life is too important to be taken seriously.” — Oscar Wilde.

"Defeat is the secret ingredient to success" - Conor Mcgregor

“You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending...”
―C. S. Lewis

"“One of these days” means none of these days. Start today" - Endless Soul


"If you can't figure out your purpose, figure out your passion. For passion will lead you right into your purpose." - Bishop T.D. Jakes


"Make your dreams bigger than your fears" - Ralph Smart


"Freedom is never given, it must be taken" - Ralph Smart


"The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it" - Carl Jung

The signpost of magic is the slogan,
“I desire to know in order to serve.”
-Q’uo -The Law Of One


"Reshape yourself through the power of your will; never let yourself be degraded by self-will. The will is the only friend of the Self, and the will is the only enemy of the Self.⠀


~Veda Vyasa, The Bhagavad Gita"




"If you gave yourself even a fraction of the encouragement you give others, imagine how far you could get."


"Start where you are, use what you have, do what you can" - Arthur Ashe


"In absence of clearly defined goals. We become strangely loyal to performing daily trivia, until we ultimately become enslaved by it" - Robert Heinlein


"Life does not have to be perfect to be wonderful. You don't need all you want to be happy, you only need to appreciate what you have" - Michael Josephson


"Was it a bad day...? Or was it a bad five minutes that you milked all day?"


"Nothing can dim the light from within" 


"To be authentic, is to be inwardly and outwordly consistent"- Awaken insight

"Nothing can dim the light which shines from within" - Maya Angelou


"Don't dig up in doubt, what you planted in faith..." - Elisabeth Elliot


“Nothing kills the ego like playfulness, like laughter. When you start taking life as fun, the ego has to die, it cannot exist anymore.” Osho




"We suffer more in imagination than in reality" - Seneca




"A man who wants to lead an orchestra must turn his back to the crowd"


"The beautiful thing about life is nobody knows anything but we are all just acting like we do"


"Do not speak bad of yourself. For the warrior within hears your words and is lessened by them." - Old Japanese Samurai Proverb


"To be like the rock that the waves keep crashing over. It stands unmoved and the raging of the sea still falls around it." - Marcus Aurelius


"See adversity as an opportunity..." - Me


"Its never to late to make a different choice" 


"Allow yourself to be the masterpiece and the work in progress at the same time" - Ralph Smart


"There are no mistakes only experiences..." - Me


"If you can enjoy whatever you do, you WIN" - Me


"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you did'nt do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. 


Explore. Dream. Discover" - Mark Twain


“Truth is not what you want it to be; it is what it is, and you must bend to its power or live a lie.” —Miyamoto Musashi.


"Don't use your words to describe your reality. Use your words to create your desired reality, words are spells; spelling"

“If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete.” - Jack Kornfield

"Care about what other people think, and you will always be their prisoner " -

"The best way to live life is to constantly create something. After all, Creation is our nature." - Christi P

"Remember to meet me halfway..." - Universe

"If you are in fear, you cannot be in love, if you are in love, you cannot be in fear" - Ralph Smart

“If you are not willing to be a fool, you can't become a master.”
― Jordan B. Peterson

"Start doing what you want to do, and everything else will be revealed to you."
-Paulo Coelho

"The highest reward for mans toil, is not what he gets from it, but what he becomes by it" - John Ruskin

“No experience is wasted if you learn from it” - Ralph smart

"As you waste your breath complaining about life, remember someone else is praying for life while taking their last breath." - Dr Alan Mandell

"The most important decision you can make, is to be in a good mood" - Voltaire

"When you do what scares you the most, you will evolve the most " - Ralph Smart

"To make history, you have to be part of it."

“I had to make you uncomfortable, otherwise you never would have moved.” - Universe

“Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment.”- Lao Tzu

“It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.”

"life is like shooting a bow and arrow, you have to aim higher than you want to hit."

"Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.” -  Marcus Aurelius

''Suffering has taught me more than success ever could..." - Me

"My biggest mistake was thinking that I knew what life would bring to me" - Me

"Most people aren't afraid to die, they are afraid to live..." - Ralph Smart

"Your best moments have not even happened yet..." - Ralph Smart

"Let the past make you better, not bitter" - Buddha

"Failure often teaches us more than success."

"Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak" - Sun Tzu

“Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become reality.” -  Earl Nightingale

"It's not about luck. It's about the repetition of excellence."

“Stop playing the victim and be the victor”

"Judge nothing, you will be happy
Forgive everything, you will be happier
Love everything, you will be happiest" - Buddha

"We learn from history that we do not learn from history."
--hegel

"What you become is in your hands nobody else's, take responsibility for the life your living, take accountability, and realize no one is holding you back, the only one in your way is you, instead of finding excuses for why you cant be there, find reasons for why you can" - Ralph smart

"Now and then it's good to stop in your pursuit of happiness and just be happy" - Guillaume Apollinaire 

"If you learn to be uncomfortable you will have an easy life. If you are chasing an easy life, you will be very uncomfortable."

“The secret of freedom lies in educating people, whereas the secret of tyranny is in keeping them ignorant.” ~ Maximilien Robespierre

"We have to band together, now more than ever..." - Ralph Smart

"If you want to be successful, It's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing and believe in what you are doing" - Will Rogers
“If you gave yourself even a fraction of the encouragement you give others, imagine how far you could get.”

"There are two kinds of people: Those who think the government cares about them, and those who think."

"Where Ever You Go, Go With All Your Heart."
- Confucius

"Everything Has it's Beauty, But Not Everyone Sees It.
- Confucius



“When exposing a crime is treated as commiting a crime, you are being ruled by criminals.” Edward Snowden


"The truth is anti-sem!t!c" - 

"The perfect dictatorship would have the appearance of a democracy, but would basically be a prison without walls in which the prisoners would not even dream of escaping. It would essentially be a system of slavery where, through consumption and entertainment, the slaves would love their servitudes."
-Aldous Huxley

"When setting out on a journey, do not seek advice from those who have never left home" - Rumi

“If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life” ~ Marcus Garvey

“Every moment is the most important moment of your life. No future time is better than now to let down your guard and love.”

– David Deida

"When times are good be grateful. When times are bad be graceful" - Dustin "The Diamond" Poirier

Broad, are the gates to hell. Narrow, is the path to salvation.

I was in darkness but I took three steps and found myself in paradise The first step was a good thought, the second, a good word and the third a good deed

"Move the horizon very close"
“The intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant. We have created a society that honors the servant and has forgotten the gift.” Attributed to Einstein.

"The true value of a man, is a man's value of the truth."

"Whether its joyful or stressful, with every thought you think, every emotion you feel, and every event you experience, you're acting as an epigenetic engineer of your own cells. You control and create your destiny." - Dr Joe Dispenza

"For a comitted man there is no such thing as failure..." - Sadghuru

“In a room where people unanimously maintain a conspiracy of silence, one word of truth sounds like a pistol shot.”
~Czesław Miłosz

"When a man can't find a deep sense Of meaning, they distract themselves with *pleasure*"
-Victor E Frankl

"New World Order 
The Great Reset
You. Will. Be. Happy.
Yes, that's an order...
And yes, it is sinister."

"This is the real secret of life -- to be completely engaged with what you are doing ... And instead of calling it work, realize it is play" - Alan Watts

"A men grow wiser and better, the come nearer to reality. Reality itself never changes, but man's understanding of it is forever changing." - Manly P.Hall

"When we raise ourselves through meditation to what unites us with the spirit, we quicken something with us that is eternal and unlimited by birth and death. Once we have experienced this eternal part in us, we can no longer doubt its existence. Meditation is thus the way to knowing and the beholding the eternal, indestructible, essential centre of our being." - Rudolf Steiner

"Do not go about worshipping deities and religious institutions as the source of the subtle truth. To do so is to place intermediaries between yourself and the divine, and to make of yourself a beggar who looks outside for a treasure that is hidden inside his own breast." - Lao Tzu

"Someone I loved one gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too, was a gift. " - Mary Oliver

"Is do not be unhappy before the crisis comes... We are in the habit of exagerating, or imagining, or anticipating, sorrow." - Seneca

"Get close and personal with your anxieties..." 

"When a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favourable."  -Seneca,the younger.

Life is not made unbearable by circumstances but by a lack of meaning and purpose.  -Victor E. Frankl.

"Do not let difficult times let you forget your blessings" -

"Your thoughts are not the real you..." - Gabe got that glow https://youtu.be/OXDP4jxN8ps?t=221

"Feed your mind positive thoughts" - Gabe got that glow

"Never regret a day in your life, good days give happiness, bad days give experience, worst days give lessons and best days give memories." - Paulo Coelho

"I am a bird of the heavenly garden I belong not to the earthly sphere. They have made for two or three days a cage of my body." - Rumi

To get what you want, you have to deserve what you want. The world is not yet a crazy enough place to reward a whole bunch of undeserving people.  Charles T. Munger

"Looking for consciousness inside the brain is like looking inside a radio for the announcer" - Nassim Haramein

"The first wealth is health" - Ralph Waldo Emerson

"Let food be thy medicine, and let medicine be thy food.” - Hippocrates

"The person you consider ignorant and insignificant is the one who came from God, that he might learn bliss from grief and knowledge from gloom." - Khalil Gibran

"It does not matter what you bear, but how you bear it" - Seneca

"If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were." - Khalil Gibran

"Find out who you are, and own that motherfucker! and tell people to go fuck themselves!" - David Goggins

"Walking is the best medicine..." - Hippocrates

"Attract what you expect, reflect what you desire, become what you respect, mirror what you admire"

"Don't fear failure. Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail." - Bruce Lee

"There is no way forward looking back."

"Belief can be manipulated. Only knowledge is dangerous."

﻿“When diet is wrong, medicine is of no use. When diet is correct, medicine is of no need.” -Ancient Proverb

"People are so scared of dying, they are too afraid to live." - 

“Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else’s opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.”  – Oscar Wilde

"No scarcity mindset = An abundant and fulfilled life"

“There are no failures, only learning curves. There are no mistakes, only lessons”

"It only hurts if its true"

“Employ your time improving yourself in other men's writing, so that you shall gain easily what others have labored hard for.” - Socrates.

“Attachment is The Root of Suffering “  - Buddha

"Everything is happening for you! not to you!" - Ralph Smart

"Happiness is contagious bro" - Gabe got that glow 

“The further a society drifts from the truth the more it will hate those that speak it.” -       George Orwell

“We learn from history that we do not learn from history”

"the same people who sell the panic sell the pill"

"Most thoughts are lies" - Elisha Long

"Health is a state of complete harmony of the body, mind and spirit" - B.K.S lyengar

"Yoga is a light, which one lit, will never dim. The better your practice, the brighter the flame." - B.K.S lyengar

"Learning is not child's play, learning involves pain."-Aristotle.

"If you do not fight for what you want, you will have to cry for what you've lost" - Ralph Smart

"We are the only species that has to pay to live and eat, yet we are the most intelligent?" - Ralph Smart

"You cannot complain about something if you are part of the problem" - Ralph Smart

"Sound will be the medicine of the future" - Edgar Cayce

“The key to immortality is to live a life worth remembering.” - Bruce Lee

"You wouldn't plant a seed and then dig it up every few minutes to see if it has grown.

So why do you keep questioning yourself, your hard work and your decisions?

Have patience, stop overthinking and keep watering your seeds." - Steven Bartlett

"The perception that I have of myself is greater, than the perception other people have of me " - Ralph Smart

"I don't have to be humanities saviour" - Ralph smart

"What you are consuming is consuming you..." - Ralph smart

"Spiders are the only web developers in the world that enjoy finding bugs"

"Optimism is the most important human trait, because it allows us to evolve our ideas, to improve our situation, and to hope for a better tomorrow."

"You are not here to GET something, you are here to GIVE something" - Mark Queppet

"He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still." - Lao Tzu.


“I pray because I can't help myself. I pray because I'm helpless. I pray because the need flows out of me all the time, waking and sleeping. It doesn't change God. It changes me.”


― C.S. Lewis

"No man steps in the same river twice, for its not the same river and he's not the same man" - Heraclitus


"Live life dynamically. MOVE. MORE."- Ido Portal


"Anything you can't control is teaching you to let go"

"Trust that the Universe doesn't make mistakes!"

"Truth vibrates at a specific frequency, you don't only hear it but you also FEEL it."

"Millionaires do not study astrology, Billionaires do" - Ralph smart

"The truth will set you free, but it will piss you off first" - Ralph smart

"Don't count your reps, Make the reps you do, count!" - Jeff Cavalier

“Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.” ― Confucius

“Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.” ― Mark Twain

"You receive, what you believe" - Me

"When a fire has consumed everything, the only thing left is to consume itself"


“A book, too, can be a star, a living fire to lighten the darkness, leading out into the expanding universe.”
― Madeleine L'Engle

“Love, like fire, goes out without fuel.”
― Mikhail Lermontov, A Hero of Our Time

"I wish I could be beside you mother,  to bring you ther glass of water. All these years I have spent  in the service of mankind brought me nothing but insults and humiliation" -nikola tesla


"You're not going to master the rest of your life in one day.

Just relax. Master the day. Then just keep doing that every day."

“To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.”  ― Oscar Wilde

“Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.” ― Aristotle

"Never allow external events to govern you internal condition" - Ralph Smart

"See yourself for who you are, not who you are not..." - Ralph Smart

"Remember to love yourself for you are also part of the whole..." - Me

"when a clown talks serious, the circus is really burning..." 

"People wait their whole lives for something outside of them to change how they feel inside of them" - Joe dispenza
"I have no fear of failure, Because I have failed so many times I like it..." - David Goggins

"Nothing can grow or evolve without movement..."

"Truth is not what you want it to be; it is what it is, and you must bend to its power or live a lie" - Miyamoto Musashi

“The moment I embrace my peace within and surrender the outcome, is the moment that the universe can truly get to work.”

“Love without truth is hypocrisy, truth without love is brutality .”   - John Stott

"All you can possibly need or desire if already yours. Call your desires into being by imagining and feeling your wish fulfilled" - Neville Goddard

“You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.” - Carl Jung

"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do" - Henry Ford




"The only revolution there is, is turning away from tradition and turning inwards to the source of your being. Knowing 'Who am I?' is the only revolutionary step - the first and the last, the alpha and the omega."
 
 
Osho

"We've been led to believe that the brain reigns over our biology. While this is partly true, the heart is an autorhythmic organ, which means the heartbeat is self-initiated from within the heart, not from the brain." - Dr. Joe Dispenza 

“Stop worrying about things you can’t control”

"Remember you are literally apart of nature. If you feel out of place...It’s time to reconnect"

"Just do the technique, don't force it..."

"If you do what you are most fearful off, it will help you evolve the most" - Ralph smart

"Fear is a gatekeeper, waiting for us to rise to the occasion to face it" - Ralph smart

"There’s is nothing to worry about. Even though we weren’t ready for this. We were made for this. Much love to everyone"

"The body becomes what the foods are, as the spirit becomes what the thoughts are" - Ancient Kemetic proverb


“Sometimes, even to live is an act of courage.”

― Seneca

"Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is—his good, pleasing and perfect will." - Romans 12:2

"The sheep will spend its entire life fearing the wolf, only to be eaten by the Shepherd" - African proverb

"Instead of buying your children the things you never had. <br> <br>  Teach them the things you were never taught." - Bruce Lee

"Seek to understand... not be understood." -Dale Carnegie

"Rather be yourself as a bricklayer, than someone else as a multi-millionaire" - Robert Whittaker

"When everything is uncertain, everything that's important becomes clear"

"Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don't need the approval of others." - Roy  T. Bennett

"Within you is stillness and sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time." - Hermann Hesse

"One moment can change a day.
One day can change a life.
One life can change the world."

"If a fire consumes everything, the only thing left to consume is itself..." -Ralph smart

“The meaning of life is just to be alive. It is so plain and so obvious and so simple. And yet, everybody rushes around in a great panic as if it were necessary to achieve something beyond themselves.”
- Alan Watts

"Don't piss in your own soup." - Thomas H. LaBelle

"Dear Universe, If Today I lose my Hope, please remind me that Your Plans are better, than my dreams" - Ralph Smart

"Let me not waste a single day being bitter or angry" - The Golden One (Marcus Follen)

"Throw me to the wolves, and I will return leading the pack." - Seneca

"A broken clock is right twice per day"

"What you consume, will consume you..." - Ralph Smart
"Scattered to the four winds of the heavens/ sky"

"If you are going through hell... Keep going"

"Strong wind makes strong trees"

"Never allow your confusion, to be your conclusion" - Ralph Smart

"It is unrealistic to expect people to see you as you see yourself" - Epictetus

"You dont have to be great to start but you have to start to be great" - Zig Zaglar

"We tend to overestimate what we could do in a day, and underestimate what we could do in a lifetime."

"If you can't find peace in the now, what other time is there?" -Awaken Insight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JI0syLdVe0&ab_channel=AwakenInsight
"Be fearfull when others are greedy and be greedy when others are fearfull."

"The first gulp from the glass of natural sciences will turn you into an atheist, but at the bottom of the glass God is waiting for you." - Werner Heisenberg

"You Have Power Over Your Mind, Not Outside Events. Realize This, And You Will Have Strength."

- Marcus Aurelius

"Strange, isn't it? You know yourself better than anyone else yet you crumble at the words of someone who hasn't even lived a second  of your life. The world is filled with people who think they know you. Listen to no one else's voice but yours."

"Why do we make decisions our future selves regret? Human beings are works in progress that mistakenly think they're finished.”—Dr. Dan Gilbert


“You pile up enough tomorrows, and you'll find you are left with nothing but a lot of empty yesterdays.”


― Meredith Willson, The Music Man: The Smash Broadway Hit

"The body benefits from movement, and the mind benefits from stillness." - Sakyong Mipham""

